README.md, before:

# <img alt="Logo da WinToken" src="assets-doc\logo.png" width="50%">

## Team Members
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathanteoalves/">Jonathan Teodoro</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-nepomuceno-ismart/">Lucas Nepomuceno</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/thiagogomesalmeida/">Thiago Gomes</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/tiago-vsant/">Tiago dos Santos</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vinicius-testa-passos/">Vinicius Testa</a>


## Table of Contents

[1. Introduction and Competition Requirements](#c1)

[2. Product](#c2)

[3. Market Analysis](#c3)

[4. Technical Description](#c4)

[5. Conclusion and Future Plans](#c5)

[6. Repository](#c6)

[7. References](#c7)

##  <a name="c1"></a>📋 1. Introduction and Competition Requirements

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This project was created for the Hackathon <a href="https://www.lumx.io/pt/lumx-hack"> Lumx Hack Powered by Ethereum.Rio </a> under the categories:
- Desafio Lumx Hack
- Desafio Chiliz: Trilha Projeto de SportFi

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The "Desafio Lumx Hack" had the following requirements:
1. Use Lumx Protocol;
2. Align with, at least, one of the following themes: customer loyalty, client engagement, finances, insurance, games, and sports;
3. Use Blockchain as the foundation of the solution.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On the other hand Desafio Chiliz had the following requirements

1. Thematic alignment with sports and entertainment;
2. Operating Smart Contracts.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All these requirements have been accounted for during development and therefore are present in the webapp's MVP.


##  <a name="c2"></a>🔑 2. Product

###  2.1 What is WinToken?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WinToken is the solution for engaging fans on sports streaming. First conceived for NBA enthusiasts, WinToken is a webapp integrated with the Blockchain technology. It incentivizes the basketball community to actively participate in the game, while ensuring the security and transparency inherent to decentralized applications on its transactions. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nowadays, it is much easier to convince a person into going to a stadium to see a particular sport than watch a four-hour match at their homes. The market for streaming services of sports are, therefore, saturated. Those who are fanatic fans, watch it while those who are not so involved with the team, do not. Consequently streaming services lose great demand for substitutes such as match highlight videos. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We propose a change for this status quo. Aiming at costumer loyalty, WinToken came to capture new markets and captivate the whole public of the team. For fanatics, it is an add. For those who just follow the trendings of their teams, it is an invite. How? We propose leveraging the streaming experience by adding rewards into it. First conceived for baskteball live transmissions, WinToken shall be present on online streamings of NBA games. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Perhaps, on its first appeareances, the fans may be puzzled with the sudden pop-up: "Redeem 200 tokens today and enter for a chance to win NFT" followed by a QR code on their Twitch screens. However, soon natural curiosity will follow and that is when our user journey begins.
1. First, the user will scan our QR Code and navigate to our app interface on the web.
2. Then, they will be able to create an account using their email;
    2.1. This will generate a wallet, which is controlled by Lumx technology;
3. Subsequently, our system mynts x WTK tokens on the user's wallet;
5. Lastly, the user is able to exchange tokens for NFTs or spin the NFT roulette.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WinToken adds something for the fan to wait for - a prize to be claimed -, while allowing for team spirit and community engagement. However, it does that with the state of the art of finance and gaming. The solution is not much far away from the good and old collectible cards of yesterday, but it makes it modern. Yesterday, we bought and exchange perishable cards. Today, we use blockchain, watch our beloved team and gain tokens to buy eternal, exclusive, and valuable cards. This is what WinToken is about: rewarding fans with innovation.


###  2.2 Why WinToken?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WinToken starts its journey in streaming services. This is justified by the recent surge of sports online streaming services. Currently, TV audiences for sports are falling and shares from companies such as Warner Bros - one of NBA's broadcast partners - face all time lows (BLOOMBERG NEWS; GLUM, 2024). Meanwhile, ESPN and Disney are launching a joint for a sports streaming service, which is expected to promote NBA with more accessibility (DEITSCH et al., 2024). Hence, it is clear that products that use streamings as their main propaganda platform are taking great advantage of current opportunities. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With respect to the other end - the prizes in NFT -, it concerns innovation. Fans of yesterday used player cards to showcase their enthusiasm for an specific sport. Fans of today use NFTs and the benefits of blockchain to engage with their favorites teams. It's nearly impossible to steal an NFT, ensuring players feel secure with the game. Furthermore, blockchain makes the app transparent and readily trustable, which is a great benefit when it comes to reward apps, which are known for scams. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Additionally, we excluded the financial constraint of collectible cards. With WinToken, one can watch the game and readily participate of this engagement revolution. The sports experience becomes more interconnected and captivate users into the streaming services. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The above reasons combined generate the need for WinToken today, which are summarised into four bullet points:
- Enhanced user engagement through NFT prizes.
- Increased security and transparency with the use of blockchain technology.
- Elimination of financial risk associated with traditional sports gaming.
- Integration with streaming services provides convenient access to live sports events.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the mix of streaming, gaming and blockchain that makes our app unique and innovative. However, we understand that the best software can only be developed when it is user-centered and the result of a thorough market analysis. Hence, this section is followed by our market analysis.

##  <a name="c3"></a>🌐 3. Market Analysis

### 3.1 SWOT Analysis
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) Analysis is a tool that can be used to holistically analyze a project. Now a SWOT analysis of the WinToken application into the entertainment market in USA.

#### Strengths:
1. <b>Blockchain for security</b> and transparency, leading with the fear of betting into a non-secure platform.
2. <b>NFT for entertainment</b> as it is already used by the Chilliz, adding more accessibility and engagefulness.

#### Weaknesses:
1. <b>High dependecy of famous sport leagues</b> to promote the NFTs.

#### Opportunities:
1. <b>Fast increasing market: </b>as the sportive bet is an opportunity to receive investment and notoriety to the solution.
2. <b>Volatile solution: </b>such as the WinToken that can adapt itself to different types of sports, bets and streamings.

#### Threats:
1. <b>Gambling stigma</b> that is common to the public, such as gambling being a sin.
2. <b>High cost</b> to operate into famous scenarios, such as the NBA.

## 3.2 Persona & User Stories
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Personas and User stories are essential pieces of the development of a MVP. Both have direct impact into how the solution will be built, working as a tool to guide the developers and the designers into the user-focused development.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Personas, specifically, have the power to create empathy into the development team, as they have a user to focus and to attend.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Besides, the user stories work as a key to the agile development. They are used to help the definition of the development scope, helping the devs to focus on the essential functionalities of the application.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Therefore, both personas and user stories are crucial to the identification, definition and priorization of the requirements of the MVP. They work to guarantee the viability of the work and remind the team to create a solution that is user centered. That is why the WinToken have the "Fanatic", Joshua as its persona: to remind the team to create a solution that brings value to the final user.

<div align="center">
<sub>Figure 1 - Persona</sub>

<img alt='Persona "Casual, Joshua"' src='assets-doc/Persona - WinToken.png'>

<sup> Copyright Material(2024) </sup>
</div>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With Joshua, the team of development was capable to measure how their features, such as the QR Code scanning section, were affecting his experience inside the app. With his stories, they were able to focus in creating features, such as the highlights, that were useful and meaningful to the application.

### 3.3 Value Proposition Canva

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Value Proposition Canva (VPC) is a visual tool that describe and analyse the value a solution give to the user. It aims to understand the way a solution relives the pain of the final client, while creating gains and making their job to finish a task easier. This tool is pivotal to the development of any solution, particularly into the software development, as it helps the designers and developers to create a user-focused application.

<div align='center'>

<sup>Figure 2 - Value Proposition Canva</sup>

<img alt='Value Proposition Canva' src='assets-doc\VPC.png'>

<sub>Copyright Material(2024)</sub>

</div>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With the image above, it is clear that our solution focus on solving the "boring streaming" problem, making it more engageful to the viewer to watch a four hours match. Offering a NFT and non-monetary-bidding as the main products. The aim of WinToken is to engage the user with the idea of obtaining a prize, such as a NFT, just for watching a basketball, soccer or any sport streaming and bidding with digital coins without cost.  


##  <a name="c4"></a>⚙️ 4. Technical Description

Technologies used: React, Lumx Protocol, Solidity, IPFS, HardHat

- React: this framework is a widely used technology for web development. Therefore, there were several materials to work with on the Internet, including a large number of libraries. Consequently, front end development was facilitated by the of React, which is also a technology the group is used to.

- Lumx Protocol: this blockchain protocol was used to integrate the user wallets for our web app. Incorporating smart wallets offers a decentralized, seamless, and secure way to manage digital assets. It abstracts away the complexities of the blockchain for users, integrating them with a familiar user experience without requiring them to manage keys, sign transactions, or pay network fees.
- Solidity: this programming language is used on the deployment of smart contracts. Furthermore, it is supported by the Ethereum Virtual Machine, a software used during the MVP development of WinToken.
- IPFS: this descentralized storage software was used to store the digital content associated with our NFTs. Instead of storing the content directly on the blockchain (which can be expensive and impractical due to storage limitations), the content was stored on the IPFS network.
- HardHat: this development environment for Ethereum was used to facilitate tests with regard to smart contract creations. It provides tools and utilities for compiling, deploying, testing, and debugging Ethereum smart contracts
 
##  <a name="c5"></a>🎯 5. Conclusion and Future Plans
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The use of WinToken in streaming services will represent a revolution into the fan engagement industry. When taking advantage of the blockchain technology, the application brings a new way of interaction between the live streaming and the final client. Furthermore, by working the costumer loyalty through an reward system, it improves the fan experience with sports streaming services. <br>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Looking at the future, the Wintoken team hopes to obtain partnerships with streaming services and sports clubs. In order to test beta versions of the game, we aim at operating with under viewed competitions, such as amateur competitions.

##  <a name="c6"></a>💾  6. Repository

### 6.1 📝 Demonstration Link

_add here the demonstration link_

### 6.2 📁 Files and Folders structure

Among the files and folders present in the root of the project, the following are defined:

- <b>.vite/:</b> Directory containing configuration and cache files used by Vite.js during development. The /deps directory relates to dependencies or dependency caching.
- <b>assets-doc:</b> Directory containing documentation-related assets.
- <b>src:</b> Main directory where source code resides, including JavaScript, CSS, or other assets compiled and bundled by Vite.js during the build process.
- <b>README.md:</b> Markdown file containing documentation or information about the project, providing instructions on usage, purpose, installation, etc.
- <b>index.html:</b> Main HTML file of the web application, serving as the entry point and including links to JavaScript and CSS files.
- <b>package-lock.json:</b> File generated by npm to lock down dependency versions in node_modules, ensuring consistent installations across different machines.
- <b>package.json:</b> Metadata file for the project, containing configurations such as project name, version, dependencies, scripts, etc.
- <b>vite.config.js:</b> Configuration file for Vite.js, allowing customization of the Vite development server and build process.


### 6.3 💻 Configuration for code development and execution

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are all the necessary instructions for installing all the programs, libraries, and essential tools for setting up the development environment.

1. Download and install Node.js: https://nodejs.org/en/ (version 20.12.2 LTS)
2. Clone the repository in question.
3. In administrator mode, open the "command prompt" or "terminal" and then navigate to the "src/backend" folder in the root directory of the cloned repository and type the second command:
```sh
npm install
```

This will install all the dependencies defined in the <b>package.json</b> file that are necessary to run the project. Now the project is ready to be modified. If you still wish to start the application, type the command below in the terminal:

```sh
npm run dev
```
5. Now you can access the application through the link:  http://localhost:5173/
6. The server is online.

##  <a name="c7"></a>💻  7. References

BLOOMBERG NEWS; GLUM, R. Warner Bros. Shares Fall 10% on Report That Comcast Seeks NBA TV Deal - BNN Bloomberg. Disponível em: <https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/warner-bros-shares-fall-10-on-report-that-comcast-seeks-nba-tv-deal-1.2067124>. Acesso em: 4 maio. 2024.  
DEITSCH, R. et al. ESPN, FOX, Warner Bros. Discovery launching streaming service. Disponível em: <https://theathletic.com/5255840/2024/02/06/espn-fox-warner-sports-streaming-service/>. Acesso em: 4 maio. 2024.

Commit message:

Update README.md - smart contract numbers and demonstration link

README.md, after:

# <img alt="Logo da WinToken" src="assets-doc\logo.png" width="50%">

## Team Members
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/jonathanteoalves/">Jonathan Teodoro</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-nepomuceno-ismart/">Lucas Nepomuceno</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/thiagogomesalmeida/">Thiago Gomes</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/tiago-vsant/">Tiago dos Santos</a>
- <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/vinicius-testa-passos/">Vinicius Testa</a>


## Table of Contents

[1. Introduction and Competition Requirements](#c1)

[2. Product](#c2)

[3. Market Analysis](#c3)

[4. Technical Description](#c4)

[5. Conclusion and Future Plans](#c5)

[6. Repository](#c6)

[7. References](#c7)

##  <a name="c1"></a>📋 1. Introduction and Competition Requirements

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; This project was created for the Hackathon <a href="https://www.lumx.io/pt/lumx-hack"> Lumx Hack Powered by Ethereum.Rio </a> under the categories:
- Desafio Lumx Hack
- Desafio Chiliz: Trilha Projeto de SportFi

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The "Desafio Lumx Hack" had the following requirements:
1. Use Lumx Protocol;
2. Align with, at least, one of the following themes: customer loyalty, client engagement, finances, insurance, games, and sports;
3. Use Blockchain as the foundation of the solution.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;On the other hand Desafio Chiliz had the following requirements

1. Thematic alignment with sports and entertainment;
2. Operating Smart Contracts.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; All these requirements have been accounted for during development and therefore are present in the webapp's MVP.


##  <a name="c2"></a>🔑 2. Product

###  2.1 What is WinToken?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WinToken is the solution for engaging fans on sports streaming. First conceived for NBA enthusiasts, WinToken is a webapp integrated with the Blockchain technology. It incentivizes the basketball community to actively participate in the game, while ensuring the security and transparency inherent to decentralized applications on its transactions. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Nowadays, it is much easier to convince a person into going to a stadium to see a particular sport than watch a four-hour match at their homes. The market for streaming services of sports are, therefore, saturated. Those who are fanatic fans, watch it while those who are not so involved with the team, do not. Consequently streaming services lose great demand for substitutes such as match highlight videos. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; We propose a change for this status quo. Aiming at costumer loyalty, WinToken came to capture new markets and captivate the whole public of the team. For fanatics, it is an add. For those who just follow the trendings of their teams, it is an invite. How? We propose leveraging the streaming experience by adding rewards into it. First conceived for baskteball live transmissions, WinToken shall be present on online streamings of NBA games. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Perhaps, on its first appeareances, the fans may be puzzled with the sudden pop-up: "Redeem 200 tokens today and enter for a chance to win NFT" followed by a QR code on their Twitch screens. However, soon natural curiosity will follow and that is when our user journey begins.
1. First, the user will scan our QR Code and navigate to our app interface on the web.
2. Then, they will be able to create an account using their email;
    2.1. This will generate a wallet, which is controlled by Lumx technology;
3. Subsequently, our system mynts x WTK tokens on the user's wallet;
5. Lastly, the user is able to exchange tokens for NFTs or spin the NFT roulette.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WinToken adds something for the fan to wait for - a prize to be claimed -, while allowing for team spirit and community engagement. However, it does that with the state of the art of finance and gaming. The solution is not much far away from the good and old collectible cards of yesterday, but it makes it modern. Yesterday, we bought and exchange perishable cards. Today, we use blockchain, watch our beloved team and gain tokens to buy eternal, exclusive, and valuable cards. This is what WinToken is about: rewarding fans with innovation.


###  2.2 Why WinToken?

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; WinToken starts its journey in streaming services. This is justified by the recent surge of sports online streaming services. Currently, TV audiences for sports are falling and shares from companies such as Warner Bros - one of NBA's broadcast partners - face all time lows (BLOOMBERG NEWS; GLUM, 2024). Meanwhile, ESPN and Disney are launching a joint for a sports streaming service, which is expected to promote NBA with more accessibility (DEITSCH et al., 2024). Hence, it is clear that products that use streamings as their main propaganda platform are taking great advantage of current opportunities. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With respect to the other end - the prizes in NFT -, it concerns innovation. Fans of yesterday used player cards to showcase their enthusiasm for an specific sport. Fans of today use NFTs and the benefits of blockchain to engage with their favorites teams. It's nearly impossible to steal an NFT, ensuring players feel secure with the game. Furthermore, blockchain makes the app transparent and readily trustable, which is a great benefit when it comes to reward apps, which are known for scams. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Additionally, we excluded the financial constraint of collectible cards. With WinToken, one can watch the game and readily participate of this engagement revolution. The sports experience becomes more interconnected and captivate users into the streaming services. <br>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The above reasons combined generate the need for WinToken today, which are summarised into four bullet points:
- Enhanced user engagement through NFT prizes.
- Increased security and transparency with the use of blockchain technology.
- Elimination of financial risk associated with traditional sports gaming.
- Integration with streaming services provides convenient access to live sports events.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; It is the mix of streaming, gaming and blockchain that makes our app unique and innovative. However, we understand that the best software can only be developed when it is user-centered and the result of a thorough market analysis. Hence, this section is followed by our market analysis.

##  <a name="c3"></a>🌐 3. Market Analysis

### 3.1 SWOT Analysis
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats) Analysis is a tool that can be used to holistically analyze a project. Now a SWOT analysis of the WinToken application into the entertainment market in USA.

#### Strengths:
1. <b>Blockchain for security</b> and transparency, leading with the fear of betting into a non-secure platform.
2. <b>NFT for entertainment</b> as it is already used by the Chilliz, adding more accessibility and engagefulness.

#### Weaknesses:
1. <b>High dependecy of famous sport leagues</b> to promote the NFTs.

#### Opportunities:
1. <b>Fast increasing market: </b>as the sportive bet is an opportunity to receive investment and notoriety to the solution.
2. <b>Volatile solution: </b>such as the WinToken that can adapt itself to different types of sports, bets and streamings.

#### Threats:
1. <b>Gambling stigma</b> that is common to the public, such as gambling being a sin.
2. <b>High cost</b> to operate into famous scenarios, such as the NBA.

## 3.2 Persona & User Stories
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Personas and User stories are essential pieces of the development of a MVP. Both have direct impact into how the solution will be built, working as a tool to guide the developers and the designers into the user-focused development.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Personas, specifically, have the power to create empathy into the development team, as they have a user to focus and to attend.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Besides, the user stories work as a key to the agile development. They are used to help the definition of the development scope, helping the devs to focus on the essential functionalities of the application.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Therefore, both personas and user stories are crucial to the identification, definition and priorization of the requirements of the MVP. They work to guarantee the viability of the work and remind the team to create a solution that is user centered. That is why the WinToken have the "Fanatic", Joshua as its persona: to remind the team to create a solution that brings value to the final user.

<div align="center">
<sub>Figure 1 - Persona</sub>

<img alt='Persona "Casual, Joshua"' src='assets-doc/Persona - WinToken.png'>

<sup> Copyright Material(2024) </sup>
</div>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With Joshua, the team of development was capable to measure how their features, such as the QR Code scanning section, were affecting his experience inside the app. With his stories, they were able to focus in creating features, such as the highlights, that were useful and meaningful to the application.

### 3.3 Value Proposition Canva

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The Value Proposition Canva (VPC) is a visual tool that describe and analyse the value a solution give to the user. It aims to understand the way a solution relives the pain of the final client, while creating gains and making their job to finish a task easier. This tool is pivotal to the development of any solution, particularly into the software development, as it helps the designers and developers to create a user-focused application.

<div align='center'>

<sup>Figure 2 - Value Proposition Canva</sup>

<img alt='Value Proposition Canva' src='assets-doc\VPC.png'>

<sub>Copyright Material(2024)</sub>

</div>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; With the image above, it is clear that our solution focus on solving the "boring streaming" problem, making it more engageful to the viewer to watch a four hours match. Offering a NFT and non-monetary-bidding as the main products. The aim of WinToken is to engage the user with the idea of obtaining a prize, such as a NFT, just for watching a basketball, soccer or any sport streaming and bidding with digital coins without cost.  


##  <a name="c4"></a>⚙️ 4. Technical Description

Technologies used: React, Lumx Protocol, Solidity, IPFS, HardHat

- React: this framework is a widely used technology for web development. Therefore, there were several materials to work with on the Internet, including a large number of libraries. Consequently, front end development was facilitated by the of React, which is also a technology the group is used to.

- Lumx Protocol: this blockchain protocol was used to integrate the user wallets for our web app. Incorporating smart wallets offers a decentralized, seamless, and secure way to manage digital assets. It abstracts away the complexities of the blockchain for users, integrating them with a familiar user experience without requiring them to manage keys, sign transactions, or pay network fees.
- Solidity: this programming language is used on the deployment of smart contracts. Furthermore, it is supported by the Ethereum Virtual Machine, a software used during the MVP development of WinToken.
- IPFS: this descentralized storage software was used to store the digital content associated with our NFTs. Instead of storing the content directly on the blockchain (which can be expensive and impractical due to storage limitations), the content was stored on the IPFS network.
- HardHat: this development environment for Ethereum was used to facilitate tests with regard to smart contract creations. It provides tools and utilities for compiling, deploying, testing, and debugging Ethereum smart contracts

### 4.1 Smart Contracts

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; For this project, we have created three smart contracts. All of them are now deployed on Sepolia's Testnet. The contract numbers are the following:

- Redeem Contract: 0x8f03423F54cFFae4F8291f82C6E8356BD0239944
- NFTs Contract: 0x07c737674D0d0a89a636905851D48c89308322be
- WinToken contract: 0x9e8b9E6e9365AB328B8D03e4eC82DdE51237B2e1
 
##  <a name="c5"></a>🎯 5. Conclusion and Future Plans
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; The use of WinToken in streaming services will represent a revolution into the fan engagement industry. When taking advantage of the blockchain technology, the application brings a new way of interaction between the live streaming and the final client. Furthermore, by working the costumer loyalty through an reward system, it improves the fan experience with sports streaming services. <br>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Looking at the future, the Wintoken team hopes to obtain partnerships with streaming services and sports clubs. In order to test beta versions of the game, we aim at operating with under viewed competitions, such as amateur competitions.

##  <a name="c6"></a>💾  6. Repository

### 6.1 📝 Demonstration Link

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e996sdd52cU&feature=youtu.be

### 6.2 📁 Files and Folders structure

Among the files and folders present in the root of the project, the following are defined:

- <b>.vite/:</b> Directory containing configuration and cache files used by Vite.js during development. The /deps directory relates to dependencies or dependency caching.
- <b>assets-doc:</b> Directory containing documentation-related assets.
- <b>src:</b> Main directory where source code resides, including JavaScript, CSS, or other assets compiled and bundled by Vite.js during the build process.
- <b>README.md:</b> Markdown file containing documentation or information about the project, providing instructions on usage, purpose, installation, etc.
- <b>index.html:</b> Main HTML file of the web application, serving as the entry point and including links to JavaScript and CSS files.
- <b>package-lock.json:</b> File generated by npm to lock down dependency versions in node_modules, ensuring consistent installations across different machines.
- <b>package.json:</b> Metadata file for the project, containing configurations such as project name, version, dependencies, scripts, etc.
- <b>vite.config.js:</b> Configuration file for Vite.js, allowing customization of the Vite development server and build process.


### 6.3 💻 Configuration for code development and execution

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Here are all the necessary instructions for installing all the programs, libraries, and essential tools for setting up the development environment.

1. Download and install Node.js: https://nodejs.org/en/ (version 20.12.2 LTS)
2. Clone the repository in question.
3. In administrator mode, open the "command prompt" or "terminal" and then navigate to the "src/backend" folder in the root directory of the cloned repository and type the second command:
```sh
npm install
```

This will install all the dependencies defined in the <b>package.json</b> file that are necessary to run the project. Now the project is ready to be modified. If you still wish to start the application, type the command below in the terminal:

```sh
npm run dev
```
5. Now you can access the application through the link:  http://localhost:5173/
6. The server is online.

##  <a name="c7"></a>💻  7. References

BLOOMBERG NEWS; GLUM, R. Warner Bros. Shares Fall 10% on Report That Comcast Seeks NBA TV Deal - BNN Bloomberg. Disponível em: <https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/warner-bros-shares-fall-10-on-report-that-comcast-seeks-nba-tv-deal-1.2067124>. Acesso em: 4 maio. 2024.  
DEITSCH, R. et al. ESPN, FOX, Warner Bros. Discovery launching streaming service. Disponível em: <https://theathletic.com/5255840/2024/02/06/espn-fox-warner-sports-streaming-service/>. Acesso em: 4 maio. 2024.
